yo what's going on you do this Dan okay
a job bringing you in the zone episode
two powered by a total effective gaming
gum before we get started I want to tell
you bout a sweet giveaway we're going to
be doing this week so make sure you get
it going right now or giving away a box
of 8-12 effective gaming gum and a
limited edition team kaliber blackout
jersey which looks absolutely sexy all
you have to do is click the giveaway
easy link in the description to sign up
to enter for your chance to win so let's
get it going starting to soften number
three today we have sway us a plane some
black ops using the famas you'll see
here in a second he actually goes pretty
beast mode it's a pretty nice clip so
he's gonna start off here and summit and
he's actually laying down chillin he
sees that radar swiping everyone and
their mother shows up on the radar you
go straight ninja sneaks up behind these
dudes he is in the zone drops that dude
I count one two three four five six
maybe seven eight I can't count that
high doesn't matter coming in at number
two we have editing a telly or playing
some Search and Destroy on sovereign cod
eSports using the sniper rifle and keep
in mind there's only four people in
these matches so what he's about to do
is actually pretty sick and it shows
that he was definitely in the zone so
he's hanging back here just chillin
sniper's nest you know five Five's this
is like super important I don't know why
he doesn't have a pistol he didn't pick
up any other guns he's going straight
snipers he's a guy run by his screen
he's gonna come up push up last man
alive hits him with the one-two punch
nice little collateral man nice clip and
like I said you guys got to remember
this is chi eSports so it's it's like
super hard to get clips like this
collaterals are pretty infrequent and he
clutched it they would have lost the
game if it wasn't for that nice little
Colette alright coming in at number one
we have I Doyle playing some search and
destroy on sovereign he's playing some
clan be clan MLG variant killing it and
I actually the special guest of me
what's going on well what's up man not a
whole lot man this clip is pretty piece
won't you tell us a little bit about it
all right sure so after I kill the first
guy they plant the bomb and I only have
45 seconds to kill three people and get
a 7.5 to fuse time so I have to be
really aggressive and get all the kills
I can unless they all bunch up for me in
one spot I'm gonna have to run around
the map and be extremely aggressive and
that's what you want to do in a clutch
situation you want to make the plays you
don't want to wait for them to come to
you and I take some risky moves but you
have to learn how to manage your time
well and kill people and you know
out and just have when you're in the
zone you have to figure out a whole plan
in your head of what routes you're gonna
take and how you get out play the enemy
team and get to that bomb and you were
definitely in the zone man such a sweet
clip guys remember if you want to be on
next week's episode of in the zone you
can submit your videos and links in the
description arm and yeah that's it man
this has been in a zone episode 2 power
by 8 12 effective gaming gum I'm a dr
peace